now the next thing we do is which is
always a part for many people party my
friend barking it is you take your
clothes in the bathroom not going to
anything will fun twist a toe point when
it just appear on plastic packaging
verses like it that applied while
running throw this party Oh
we're launching my hip before I can
start putting hard work out now when
people do most people tend to do they
tend to go
my hamstring I'm walking on my class
he's supposed to be the hamstring
all right
like this
then you feel awkward anybody do this
thing divided kick in the bonnet cake is
bring your foot to the back to hear the
hip to you buck
fancy foot now you don't have to be
anything
we're in our natural aah tied up job
exhale if you come out all right and
then in Iranian I'm looking for the
freedom to watch my hips go quick
hold on I got great and I'm tossing my
arms all right
this is this is the right way that's
mostly for time
okay well most people tend to do it
we go one
anytime you look my pod looks like fun
okay
I'm good
you like a scream your arms like John
goes everywhere like screaming
my way game take your foot
they can bark barking barking barking
the only very important this is very
hard again the right way to do the
highness
like you're doing in the place walk
straight back straight and gives you up
that's what's going to help you to lift
up your foot so I would suggest loosen
up your hip you gotta go first light
beer that's nothing the place and then
you can go
exhale as you come up exhale you left
your legs up okay don't wait don't wait
all in oh okay what people tend to do
it is a long way bingo okay awkward way
I can even do it is hard so darkk say
look the gravity look the gravity you
grow light in fly here supposed to stay
the same
okay that was behind me focus back
straight and get your arms type your arm
let the air to go through the whole foot
now like a toe point it because once you
do properly it's going to force you go
this way
now and it is amazing
tiny the same principle I'm looking for
what defects early life and also the
quiet when you're running a lively
command before you do the hiney always
loose wrap your head okay let's now if
you're here from then you can go what
focus lympho they go oh okay
relax your fest gotta be the
same way
these paid off
what most of us have to go for bar for
the hip you know like this
and it is it's hard because of what they
are not using the proper muscle okay hey
look at my grubby
you gotta keep your grubby
the next one is pretty simple
running backwards very important for you
cause very importantly low legs so you
got very normal
lucky taking a step
you know this is one of the exercise
that most people do right because it's
you know very you can do it on this one
except when the people tend to go this
way they are too over slided you know
they go so max again these exercise
this exercise it tastes so what are you
looking for there's no right way to do
it here it just you have to know your
weakness but mainly you have to know
that you're training your low leg hole
weight is closet you got a twenty five
lower leg here you feel like mr. Burney
whenever you do that so that's the whole
point
otherwise there's no wrong way to do Bob
and I've seen most people who buy this
exercise you will take a longer okay but
a right way to do that again but you
take a step like a normal Ronnie your
form it doesn't have to change just
normal way